A couple things about setting up with Prismic. Once you go through the sign up process and log in you will need to
create a new repository. A repository is a place where you will store all of the post content be it copy that you have
written, images, and other media. 

Click the green "Create Repository" button. Fill in the fields and select your role
and the technology that you will be using to display the content. You have the option of upgrading to a paid-tier with
support for multiple users and more bandwidth. Once you have a new repo created, click on it to begin populating the
blog. 

You will be asked to select the primary language, and then to create a custom type. "Type" is what Prismic uses to
refer to a repeatable template that you can use for a pages or posts. LumberJack only uses Prismic for it's blog posts.
Click on "Create customm type", then click "Repeatable Type", and enter "post", without quotes, as the custom type name.
the API name will automatically fill in, leave it as is. 

The next screen is where you are going to copy in the data from
the supplied "/prismicJSON.json" file that is in the site's root directory. In the Prismic window, in the right-hand
column, click "JSON editor". Simply copy eveything in the "/prismicJSON.json" file, delete everything in the Prismic
JSON editor, and paste the contents of "/prismicJSON.json" into the Prismic JSON editor. Click Save. You should now have
the template that is used in the "/public/views/post.ejs" file, and the main blog feed. 

If you want to create a new
custom type in Prismic, or modify the custom type in the supplied post type, you will need to appropriately edit the
markup on your own. In order to find the data to destructure, first make your new custom type and create a new document
using this type that uses at least one of every repeatable item. This is important, you will not be able to use the API
browser to destructure without first creating a new document with every option you selected. Once complete, and then
from the main repository screen click the settings gear in the lower left corner, then "API & Security", then under "API
brower" follow the link. You will be taken to a new window, simply click "Search Documents" at the bottom, and you can
then access the content via HTML or pure JSON for destructuring. 

If you are using the supplied post template, simply
click the green pencil icon near the top-right of the documents window in your repository. If you have more than one
custom type, select "post". This template has a main image, title, and description that must be filled out on every
post, or the post will not load. Below that are buttons that generate repeatable zones for text, headings, or other
content. You can use as many or as few of these in each post as you like. Make sure to fill out all the fields in the
image gallery and quotes, or the post will not display. 

There is a whitespace option that allows you to enter CSS margin
values in as native code without brackets to adjust your content. By default all heading elements will sit closer to
paragraph elements than others. Use the whitespace zone to change this to your liking. There are basic instructions
built into the fields to follow, such as pasting just one paragraph into a repeatable zone at a time, or character
length limits. This is a function of how LumberJack's default post template is written, you can use your own parameters
if you are writing your own custom type.

TLDR; Don't forget to copy the file in the root directory into the prismic JSON editor. If you decide to make changes to the
prismic content-type, you will need to update the appropriate EJS tags in /public/views/post.ejs. If you create a new
content-type, you will need to create new markup in post.ejs or a new file. Prismic's API endpoint is straightforward,
just make sure you take note of what you are naming your custom types, or use the API endpoint in your account settings.